Add more (high-level) details about Pebble compression features (#23245)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v26.1/cockroach-debug-pebble-db-analyze-data.md

The output CSV file is periodically rewritten while the command is running. Even if the command is interrupted, you can still use the most recently written output.

> ### Interpret results

Reviewer: I don't think we should encourage customers to interpret these results in their current form. We should say that they should just consult us with the data.

Author: i have revised this section a bit with a new title, and clarified that the output is not really designed for end users, and they should contact Support - hope it's clearer now, please let me know!

> The command groups sampled blocks into buckets and reports compression results for each bucket.

Reviewer: groups sampled blocks into buckets (by block type, block size, data compressibility)

Author: updated in both versions, thanks!

> The command groups sampled blocks into buckets (by block type, block size, data compressibility) and reports compression results for each bucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command groups sampled blocks into buckets (block type, block size, and data compressibility) and reports compression results for each bucket.
```

Is it possible to specify verbatim what the bucket names are in the output?

Author: i don't think we should, given Radu's earlier comment that we should not encourage users to analyze this stuff directly, but to reach out to support

- `CR` is the compression ratio. Higher values mean that compressed data uses less storage.
- `Comp` is compression throughput. Lower throughput means higher CPU cost when Pebble writes or rewrites SSTs.
- `Decomp` is decompression throughput. Lower throughput means higher CPU cost when CockroachDB reads compressed data.

> - `Snappy`, `MinLZ1`, `Zstd1`, `Auto1/30`, `Auto1/15`, and `Zstd3` are compression experiments. These names are not a one-to-one list of valid values for [`storage.sstable.compression_algorithm`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cluster-settings.md %}); use them to compare the general speed and space tradeoffs of lower-effort, adaptive, and higher-effort compression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Snappy`, `MinLZ1`, `Zstd1`, `Auto1/30`, `Auto1/15`, and `Zstd3` are compression experiments. These names are not a one-to-one list of valid values for [`storage.sstable.compression_algorithm`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cluster-settings.md %}). Use them to compare the general speed and space tradeoffs of lower-effort, adaptive, and higher-effort compression.
```

Author: ✅

> Most users do not need to tune SSTable compression settings. These results are intended to support review with Cockroach Labs rather than direct tuning decisions by end users. To understand whether compression tradeoffs are relevant for a representative store, consult [Cockroach Labs Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/) before changing SSTable compression settings in production. For more information about Pebble SSTable compression, see [SST compression]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/storage-layer.md %}#sst-compression).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These results are intended for review with Cockroach Labs, rather than to direct your own tuning decisions. Before changing SSTable compression settings in production, contact [Cockroach Labs Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/) to understand whether compression tradeoffs are relevant for a representative store. Most users do not need to tune SSTable compression settings.

For more information about Pebble SSTable compression, refer to [SST compression]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/storage-layer.md %}#sst-compression).
```

Author: i did the "see" -> "refer to" but am leaving the rest. i do think it's somewhat better but i don't want to introduce such a largish rewording that feels "style-only" (despite the importance of style) after this already had SME review. maybe i just need a snack and a nap tho, idk :-)

Reviewer 2: Fine by me, but I guess then I don't understand how line edits can happen after SME review, which is when they always have. To be clear, I'm not suggesting this for style reasons but because I was slow to parse the original and to understand the salient point, which is that you should only use this output when in direct contact with Support (IIUC). The current wording somewhat buries this imo and if you're quickly scanning, I can see it being glossed over as a power user setting, which is exactly what it sounds like we want to avoid.

Author: nah you're right i think i was just tired, sorry.  will apply this, it is better :-)
